It's the National Piano Competition Awards Ceremony.
Unexpectedly, this Yaoyao actually won the second place
Your eyes are really good
The hair is not there yet, you usually just play with children
Please send me the address.
I'll go take a look. Okay.
Laugh, but you won't be able to laugh for a while
Little sister come here
Is Li Fourth Young Master the adopted daughter of the Bai family?
Is it the sacrificial girl just found by the Li family?
everyone
And here is the second winner, Mooyao Bai.
And just get on stage and play it.
Hey, the climax of his song is so good, isn't it?
Very artistic
A girl in her 20s
It's nice to be able to write such a tune
Mr. Su
Miss by the roadside
Live together as usual
Thank you Miss Bai Mengyao for your wonderful performance
Next, Li Si, President of our Piano Association
Honorary trophies were awarded to the top three winners
Wait a minute.
Miss Bai
I would like to ask about this bottle of wine you just played
It's you.
Of course, the climax of the piece dried out.
yours
Sister, what nonsense are you talking about?
What did you say?